You may get infected with HIV after oral sex, but you have to wait a while 
before an HIV test will produce an accurate result. The period of time you 
should wait before taking an HIV test will depend on the type of test that 
you are taking. In the majority of cases, the standard test that will be 
offered at an HIV testing center will be an HIV antibody Test. The HIV 
antibody Test detects antibodies to the virus in your blood. For most of 
the people these antibodies take 6 weeks to 3 months to develop, sometimes, 
in very rare cases, may take up to 6 months. For this reason, getting 
tested before 3 months have passed may result in an unclear test result, as 
the infected person may not yet have developed antibodies to HIV. These 3 – 
6 months are known as the 'window period'. Many people do not show symptoms 
after they first get infected with HIV. Others have a flu-like illness 
within several days to weeks after exposure to the virus. They complain of: 
fever, headache, tiredness, and swollen nodes in the neck. These symptoms 
usually disappear within a few weeks. After that, the person feels normal 
and has no symptoms. This asymptomatic phase may lasts for years. The 
development of the disease is different among individuals. This state may 
last from a few months to more than 10 years. I recommend you consult your 
doctor and test for HIV 6 months after the unprotected oral sex. You will 
have to refrain from any unprotected sexual activity for the test to be 
accurate. 