The most common cause of foot pain is plantar fasciitis. It is usually 
caused by a biomechanical imbalance resulting in tension along the plantar 
fascia (arch). The diagnosis is typically based on the history and the 
finding of localized tenderness. Treatment consists of medial arch support, 
anti-inflammatory medications, ice massage and stretching. Corticosteroid 
injections and casting may also be tried. Surgical fasciotomy should be 
reserved for use in patients in whom conservative measures have failed 
despite correction of biomechanical abnormalities. Some useful measures 
following: placing a medial arch pad directly against the skin and taping 
the foot from a plantar medial to a plantar lateral direction using 3-in 
wide tape. These temporary devices provide greater biomechanical support 
than over-the-counter heel cups or heel pads. Stretching the Achilles 
tendon facing a wall with one foot approximately 6 in from the wall and the 
other foot about 2 ft from the wall, and then lean toward the wall while 
keeping both heels on the floor. This exercise stretches the heel cord of 
the limb that is farther from the wall. It should be performed with both 
legs forward for two minutes each, three to five times daily. Each night 
for 10 to 14 days, you should apply an ice pack to the plantar arch 15 to 
20 minutes before going to bed. An alternative approach is to massage the 
plantar fascia with an ice block (made up of water frozen in a paper cup) 
for 15 minutes per day for two weeks. And of course try to avoid those 
activities that worsen the pain, this will allow healing time and will 
prevent re injuries 