The most common complications that women with transverse myelitis may have 
during pregnancy are as follows: mobility problems which are dependent on 
your level of function. If mobility issues exist, such as balance problems 
or spasticity, they may become worse as the pregnancy advances. The growing 
fetus will change your center of gravity, which can create difficulty with 
balance. If difficulty ambulating develops, it may become necessary to 
depend on assistance from a walker or wheelchair in the second and/or third 
trimester of pregnancy. It is very important to prevent falls, which may 
cause injury to you or the baby. Keeping safety in mind, try to remain as 
active as possible during pregnancy. Physical therapy may be helpful, if 
you have mobility decreased. The other complications are: Deep venous 
thrombosis, Urinary tract infections, constipation, anemia and possibly 
preterm labor. The other potential life-threatening complication during the 
labor to be aware of is the Autonomic Dysreflexia (ADR), it results in 
rapid onset of hypertension (increased blood pressure), which varies in 
severity, and may also include bradycardia (low heart rate). ADR is caused 
by reflex signals of the spinal cord from below the affected lesion, 
traveling up the spinal cord uncontrolled. Epidural and spinal anesthesia 
is thought to be safe for women with Transverse Myelitis. An epidural or 
spinal can actually be very effective at preventing the onset of autonomic 
dysreflexia. It is recommended that when you get pregnant seek a 
consultation with an anesthesiologist before labor to discuss potential 
risks and concerns for care during labor. There is no evidence to suggest 
that an epidural increases the risk of flares of spinal cord inflammation. 