Probably you are experiencing a Mechanical back pain . Mechanical back 
pain is the second most common reason for seeing a physician in the United 
States. Of the US population, 85% will experience an episode of mechanical 
BP at some point during their lifetime. The mechanical BP tends to resolve 
within some weeks if you follow these conservative measures: a physical 
therapy program aimed to control the pain and the inflammatory process and 
teach you flexion and extension exercises of the spine to reduce the nerve 
tension, which is the responsible for the pain and discomfort; these 
exercises will improve the muscular strength and endurance of your spinal 
muscles. Also is very important to keep a good posture at all times and 
practice low-impact activities such as swimming, walking, and bicycling, 
these can increase overall fitness without straining your back. While 
standing, keep your head up and stomach pulled in. If you are required to 
stand for long periods of time, you should have a small stool on which to 
rest one foot at a time. Keep your weight under control. The use of 
anti-inflammatory medication (i.e.: “motrin”, “advil”, “aleve”) can be 
beneficial to manage the pain . Nearly everyone improves within a month 
following these conservative measures if it is a mechanical back pain. 
Otherwise, if the back pain persists for more than 2 months, in despite of 
the above mentioned measures, the evaluation by a physician to rule out 
other possible causes than just mechanic or postural is recommended. 