The most common cause of knee pain is the chondromalacia patella or 
Patello femoral syndrome, in the case that you have history of a traumatism 
in the knee, some other causes must be rule out, for example: ligament, 
meniscus, muscle or capsule lesions. As you see, it depends on several 
factors to determine the nature of the knee pain. In the Patello Femoral 
Syndrome the pain typically is located behind the kneecap and often shows 
during activities that require knee flexion and forceful contraction of the 
quadriceps (ei, during squats, ascending/descending stairs or pendants). 
Pain may be worsen by sitting with the knee flexed for a long period of 
time, such as while watching a movie, hence leading to the terms "theatre 
sign" and "movie-goer's knee." The causes are diverse: Overuse (repetitive 
use or activity), overloading, and misuse of the patellofemoral joint. I do 
not recommend at this point Hicking because that kind of activity may 
worsen your condition.The suggested strategy for conservative treatment 
should be as follows: Physical therapy program (exercises and pain control 
with TENS, ultrasound, ice packs after exercises), anti-inflammatory drugs 
(i.e.: “Aleve”, “Advil”), education so you understands which activities 
avoid because those can aggravate patellofemoral syndrome. Also, and very 
important, remark the need for extended adherence to the exercise regimen. 
The physical therapist should educate you about a home exercise program 
Allow time for these conservative measures (ei: exercise program) to have 
an effect , usually 4-6 weeks is adequate for some resolution of symptoms. 