There are many causes of sciatic nerve inflammation: blunt injury, 
compression by the surrounding muscles, intervertebral disk degeneration or 
lumbar disk disease, all of them can produce pain along the sciatic nerve. 
The conventional treatment for Sciatica is aimed to relieve the pain and 
besides the use of anti-inflammatory drugs (as Ibuprofen) and vitamin B 
complex, a physical therapy program with stretching of the hip muscles and 
local heat or ultrasound application. It is very important also avoid 
activities that place stress on the lumbar spine. Sometimes the pain and 
discomfort can persist for several weeks before to improve. The local 
corticosteroid injection may be considered for patients who show limited 
response to oral medication and physical therapy. On the other hand, that 
“sharp dart” pain might be due to a nerve compression that can produce an 
inflammatory process affecting the nerve roots (neuritis) in the lumbar 
region (stenosis, degenerative hypertrophy of facets and disc herniation 
and bulging) In the younger patients, as yourself, lumbar radiculopathy may 
be a result of a disc herniation or an acute injury causing impingement of 
an exiting nerve. In the older patient, lumbar radiculopathy is often a 
result of spinal canal narrowing from bone (osteophyte) formation, 
decreased disc height and degenerative changes due to aging process. It can 
be associated or not to other symptoms as back pain, numbness or hypoactive 
reflexes. I strongly recommend you to get an appointment with your doctor 
and get imaging studies done (MRI) to rule out a possible lumbar nerve 
compression. 