Ankle sprains are classified in 3 grades as follows: Grade I: mild degree 
of swelling and stretch has occurred to the ligaments. Weight bearing is 
possible. Grade II: moderate swelling and an incomplete tearing of 
ligaments, also mild instability may be present and also pain with weight 
bearing. Grade III: severe swelling and pain, complete rupture of at least 
1 ligament, there is remarkable instability. First thing to do: apply ice 
and lift the affected foot for the first 24 hours, to control the pain and 
swelling. Physical therapy is recommended for sprains grade II and III. For 
less severe injuries, grade I, the strategy would be: immediate, protected 
ambulation, and physical therapy should emphasize exercises to get back the 
normal range of motion and strengthening of the ankle muscles and 
ligaments. Treatment during this acute phase is aimed to minimize swelling 
and pain, allowing you to begin walking as soon as possible. The acute 
phase of treatment should last for 1-3 days after the injury. Please be 
patient and these are some measures that you can try in the meantime: Ice 
the area twice a day for 20 minutes to help to decrease inflammation and 
relieve pain. Freezing water in a paper cup and tearing away the top rim as 
the ice melts is an easy way to use ice. Do not put ice directly on the 
skin. Wrap it in a towel. Rest the sore area to prevent further injury and 
decrease pain. Over-the-counter anti-inflammatory medications such as 
Advil, Motrin, or Aleve may help decrease the pain and help the healing. If 
with these measures the pain, swelling and limitation do not improve I 
strongly recommend that you get a re-assessment by an orthopedic Doctor. 
The healing time is different for each patient, and also depends on the 
severity of the initial injury. 