The data that you provided in your question is very vague and no specific, 
then, I will answer in a very general manner. There are many causes of 
muscle swelling or inflammatory myopathies. Myopathy is a term used to 
describe muscle disease. The inflammatory myopathies are a group of 
diseases that involve chronic muscle inflammation, accompanied by muscle 
weakness. Another word for chronic inflammation of muscle tissue is 
myositis. Muscle inflammation may be caused by an allergic reaction, 
exposure to a toxic substance or medicine, another disease such as cancer 
or rheumatic conditions, or a virus or other infectious agent. The chronic 
inflammatory myopathies are idiopathic, meaning they have no known cause. 
They are thought to be autoimmune disorders, in which the body’s white 
blood cells (that normally fight disease) attack blood vessels, normal 
muscle fibers, and connective tissue in organs, bones, and joints. The 
diagnosis is based on your medical history, results of the physical exam 
and tests of muscle strength, and blood samples that show elevated levels 
of various muscle enzymes and autoantibodies. Diagnostic tools include 
electromyography to record the electrical activity that controls muscles 
during contraction and at rest, ultrasound to look for muscle inflammation, 
and magnetic resonance imaging to reveal abnormal muscle and evaluate 
muscle disease. A muscle biopsy can be examined by microscopy for signs of 
chronic inflammation, muscle fiber death and vascular abnormalities. 