There are many causes of shoulder-arm pain as you described it, the most 
common in all age groups are the lesions of the rotator cuff, they 
represent a wide array of diseases, from acute reversible tendinitis, 
passing by impingement of the tendon for the surrounding bone structures, 
to massive tears involving the supraspinatus, infraspinatus, and 
subscapularis, these are the 3 muscles of the rotator cuff. The diagnosis 
is often made through detailed history and physical examination, and it 
might be confirmed by imaging studies. The suggested treatment strategy 
includes: in the acute phase, pain control and inflammation reduction are 
initially required to allow progression of healing and initiation of an 
active rehabilitation program. This can be accomplished with a combination 
of relative rest, icing (20 min, 3-4 times per day), and anti inflammatory 
medication (“Aleve”, “motrin”). It has proven to be helpful sleep with a 
pillow between the trunk and arm to decrease tension on the supraspinatus 
tendon and to prevent blood flow compromise in its watershed region. You 
should continue the pain control techniques at home, work, or vacation as 
part of the exercise program. The home exercise program builds on itself 
through each phase of the rehabilitation process, and carry-over should be 
monitored. Corticosteroids injection locally might be considered to allow 
further progression of the rehabilitation program. I do not recommend these 
injections to patients with complete rotator tears, especially if surgery 
is being considered. 