Sometimes after an injury in the extremities a condition called Reflex 
sympathetic dystrophy or Complex regional pain syndrome may develop, this 
may be your case. This is thought to result from damage to the nervous 
system, including the nerves that control the blood vessels and sweat 
glands. The damaged nerves are no longer able to properly control blood 
flow, feeling (sensation), and temperature to the affected area. This 
condition is more common in people ages 40 - 60, but it has been seen in 
younger people too. The cardinal symptom is pain, called allodynia (pain to 
touch), or hyperalgesia(exaggerated pain) that is usually disproportionate 
to the inciting event. You may have also swelling, changes in skin blood 
flow revealed by color changes and skin temperature, or abnormal sweating 
activity in the painful region. The nerve block is one of the treatments 
for this condition. Physical and occupational therapy should be started as 
early as possible. Starting an exercise program and learning to keep joints 
and muscles moving may prevent the disease from getting worse and help you 
perform everyday activities. Medications may be used, including pain 
medicines, steroids, certain blood pressure medicines, bone loss 
medications (such as bisphosphonates like Fosamax and Actonel), and 
antidepressants. Some type of talk therapy, such as cognitive behavioral 
therapy or psychotherapy, can help teach the skills you need to live with 
chronic pain. In some people, symptoms go away on their own. In other 
people, even with treatment the pain continues and the condition causes 
crippling, irreversible changes. 