Tadalafil (Cialis) is used to treat male sexual function problems 
(impotence or erectile dysfunction) by blocking a certain enzyme 
(phosphodiesterase-PDE5) in the body. In combination with sexual 
stimulation, tadalafil helps blood flow into the penis to achieve and 
maintain an erection. This drug should not be used with the following 
medications because very serious (possibly fatal) interactions may occur: 
nitrates (e.g., nitroglycerin, isosorbide), nitroprusside (or any "nitric 
oxide donor" drugs), recreational drugs called "poppers" containing amyl or 
butyl nitrite. On the other hand, Creatine has been used mainly for 
improving exercise performance and increasing muscle strength. It has also 
been used for muscle disorders (e.g., McArdle's disease), Parkinson's 
disease, and heart failure. Using this product without proper medical care 
for conditions such as heart failure may cause or worsen serious health 
problems. Creatine is the same as a substance made by your body that is 
found mostly in the muscles. Then, you could use it while taking Cialis. It 
helps to provide energy to the muscles. Some herbal/diet supplement 
products have been found to contain possibly harmful impurities/additives. 
Check with your pharmacist for more details about the brand you use. The 
FDA has not reviewed this product for safety or effectiveness. When taking 
Creatine make sure that you ingest plenty of water to keep your kidney 
function good. 