The correct technique for a Epidural procedure is as follows: first of all 
the skin is infiltrated with local anaesthetic over the identified space. 
The insertion point is usually in the midline. The needle tip passes along 
a shelf of vertebral bone called the lamina until just before reaching the 
ligamentun flavum and the epidural space. 'Walking' the needle tip off this 
lamina allows the doctor to be confident that is close to the epidural 
space. This is particularly important in the thoracic spine, where the 
spinal cord is larger (than in the lumbar spine) and nearly fills the 
spinal canal increasing the risk of dural puncture and cord damage. The 
most common complication is the accidental dural pucture with headache. The 
epidural space in the adult lumbar spine is only 3-5mm deep, which means it 
is comparatively easy to cross it and accidentally puncture the dura (and 
arachnoid) with the needle. This may cause cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) to 
leak out into the epidural space, which may in turn cause a post dural 
puncture headache (PDPH). This can be severe and last several days, and in 
some rare cases weeks or months. It is caused by a reduction in CSF 
pressure and is characterised by postural exacerbation when the patient 
raises their head above the lying position. If severe it may be 
successfully treated with an epidural blood patch (a small amount of the 
patient's own blood given into the epidural space via another epidural 
needle which clots and seals the leak). Most cases resolve spontaneously 
with time. 