The treatment and outcomes of the femur fractures depend on several 
factors: localization of the fracture, displacement, number of fragments, 
integrity of the skin and soft tissues, blood supply in the area, age and 
bone calcium. For example, the treatment of acute trauma-related femoral 
fractures is performed by an orthopedic surgeon and usually involves 
surgical stabilization (nails, screws, plates). In cases of traumatic 
femoral fractures, schedule a clinic follow-up visit at 2 weeks, 6 weeks, 3 
months, 6 months, and 1 year. The femoral fracture should be healed by 3 
months. Once bony union is complete, treatment is focused on muscle 
rehabilitation. For femoral stress fractures of the medial compression 
side, protected crutch-assisted, touch-down weight bearing is implemented 
for 1-4 weeks, based on the resolution of symptoms and the appearance of 
callus (bone healing seen in the x-rays). For femoral stress fractures, a 
minimum time of 6 weeks is necessary for bone healing to occur before the 
patient is able to resume activities. The management of femur injuries in 
the sports setting is intended to restore alignment. If limb deformity is 
present, inline longitudinal traction is applied, realigning the extremity 
and maintaining limb blood supply. A splint is applied to maintain the 
alignment as the patient is transported to the hospital for definitive 
treatment. Consultation with orthopedic surgeons is required in cases of 
femoral fractures, and a definitive treatment plan is left to their 
judgment. 