The previous injury that you described at the beginning maybe is related 
but you also said that now the symptoms are bilateral, then it seems that 
due to the repetitive use of your hands in your type of work possibly you 
are experiencing a Carpal tunnel Syndrome; this is an entrapment of the 
median nerve within the carpal tunnel at the level of the wrist. Usual 
symptoms include numbness, tingling, “pins and needles” and pain in the 
wrist and hand, especially the thumb, index and middle fingers. The 
conservative treatment includes first of all a work-site ergonomic 
assessment may help to reduce potentially exacerbating factors, in your 
case you should modify all the postures or activities that reproduce the 
symptoms. The use of a wrist-hand brace that sets the wrist joint in 
neutral position (to be worn at nighttime for a minimum of 3-4 weeks) many 
off-the-shelf wrist splints seem to work well. A specific 
stretching/strengthening program for the hand and wrist may be useful in 
improving strength and dexterity. The use of anti-inflammatory medications 
(i.e.: “Aleve”) may be of benefit if you have any pain. Lack of aerobic 
exercise (along with increased Body Mass Index) is a risk factor for the 
development of CTS and should be addressed. Overuse of legal drugs (e.g., 
caffeine, nicotine, alcohol) can contribute to CTS and should therefore be 
reduced. Most individuals with mild-to-moderate carpal tunnel syndrome 
(CTS) respond to conservative treatment, the local corticosteroid injection 
may be considered in those cases that show poor improvement with the 
conservative treatment (although injection rarely is used in practice). 