When treating a patient with a proximal humerus fracture, the physician 
must consider many factors. The type of fracture, patient ability to 
participate in rehabilitation, general health and age of the patient, 
associated health problems and time from injury to treatment are important 
factors that affect treatment results. Additionally, surgical 
reconstruction of the proximal humerus may be technically difficult.The 
majority of fractures (about 85%) are nondisplaced, and nonoperative 
treatment with a sling and early range-of-motion (ROM) exercises is usually 
successful. Gentle Range Of Motion exercises may begin after 7-10 days if 
the fracture is stable. When fracture displacement occurs, operative 
intervention is selected. Surgery may be recommended if one or more of the 
fracture fragments is displaced or angulated. In general, 2- and 3-part 
fractures are treated with open reduction and internal fixation (a plate 
with screws is the choice of many surgeons currently). Four-part fractures 
in the younger, active patient also can be treated successfully with open 
reduction and internal fixation. However, in the elderly and in the patient 
with osteoporosis, a hemiarthroplasty (one joint surface is replaced with 
an artificial material, usually metal). is the treatment of choice. 
Contraindications for repair of proximal humerus fractures include 
inability to tolerate the procedure medically and lack of clearance for 
surgery through the primary care physician or specialty consultants (ie, 
cardiologist, vascular specialist). 