The repeated effort lifting your grandmother is causing an overuse injury, 
known also as Repetitive Stress injury (RSI). I can recommend you to use a 
mechanical patient lifting device. Mechanical patient lifting devices are 
one of the most important tools for reducing caregiver injury. These 
devices come in two clear types, electrical lifting devices and mechanical 
patient lifting devices. Caregivers in the nursing home setting can use 
the mechanical patient lifting devices to avoid unnecessary strain on their 
backs and improve the dignity of the patients they care for. Using the 
actual mechanical lifting device to perform the stretch and lift required 
reduces back strain. There are some basic rules for a safe lifting: first 
try to keep your back straight, avoid twisting, keep the patient close to 
your body, if an object is at a greater distance from your body for 
lifting, your back muscles and joints have to work harder to lift the 
weight creating greater stress on your back. If you keep the exact same 
load close to your body, the lesser distance creates a lighter load and 
less stress on your back. Consider the use of a mechanical aid. During 
handling, use your leg and hip muscles and knee joints to lift. When 
lifting, tighten your abdominal and pelvic muscles and keep the person or 
object close to your body to prevent injury. Avoid reaching over your head 
to lift to prevent strain on joints located along your spine. Lift in 
stages if you need to. If the person or object slips, lower them gently to 
the floor while tightening your abdominal muscles and avoid rotation. 