Dear Nurul:Possibly you are experiencing a sciatic pain. Pain from sciatica 
will probably limit your activities. Here are some ways to ease the pain at 
home or at work: Do not bend, lift, or sit in a soft, low chair because 
your pain will get worse. Unless you are allergic or should not take them 
for other reasons (if you take a blood thinner such as Coumadin, for 
example), over-the-counter pain medicines such as acetaminophen (Tylenol), 
or ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin IB) will probably help ease the pain. Try a 
cold pack to see if it helps to ease the pain. If you don't have a cold 
pack, use a large bag of frozen vegetables; it makes a good first aid cold 
pack. Or have someone close to you massage you in a triangular pattern with 
an ice cube over the sore areas, no more than 15-20 minutes at the time. 
After the cold massages, try alternating with heat from an electric heating 
pad to see if it helps the pain. If you don't have an electric heating pad, 
put a hand towel under hot water, wring it out, and place it on your back. 
Sometimes the moist heat penetrates more deeply and gives better relief of 
pain. You may feel better lying on your back on a firm surface with a 
pillow under your knees. Another option is lying on your side with a pillow 
between your knees to keep your back straight. Also, you might find that a 
recliner chair is helpful. Finally, take it easy, but do not lie in bed for 
longer than 2 days because this has been shown to worsen the condition. Try 
to do activities that you are able to tolerate, and the most important: be 
patient and do not expect to feel better overnight. If after doing all of 
the above you are still in pain I strongly recommend you a comprehensive 
evaluation by an orthopedic surgeon. 