Fibromyalgia is more common in adults, but approximately 1%-7% of children 
and teenagers may be affected. It is difficult to diagnose it because there 
are no tests to do so, then you have to pay attention to symptoms like: 
sore spots in the muscles (tender points), aches and pains for at least 
three months, fatigue, sleeping problems, anxiety and depression, 
dizziness, memory problems. I recommend you to get a consultation with a 
Pediatric Rheumatologist; also a psychologist and a Physical therapist are 
very useful. The treatment options include: medication (like “Cymbalta”) 
may be used and there is no established age limit to take it, the problem 
is that the effects (safety and effectiveness)of those medications (most of 
them are anti depressants)in children and teenagers are not well studied 
and on the other hand fibromyalgia is more common in women over 18 years 
old. You will benefit of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy which helps you to 
learn what triggers the pain so you can cope with it, also muscle 
relaxation and stress management techniques like meditation. The exercise 
may help you too, because the more active you are the less pain and 
depression you have, to learn an exercise routine you can use a Physical 
Therapist to teach you. So, in summary try to get enough rest, practice a 
consistent exercise routine, keep yourself active and learn techniques that 
relieve your stress. You may consult another doctor for a second opinion, 
that’s up to you. 