Hiccups are a common and usually transient condition affecting almost all 
people in their lifetime. Rarely, hiccups become intractable and can lead 
to adverse outcomes. A hiccup is an involuntary, intermittent, spasmodic 
contraction of the diaphragm and intercostal muscles. The exact mechanism 
provoking hiccups remains unknown. Hiccups involve unilateral contraction 
of the left hemidiaphragm in approximately 80 percent of cases. Hiccup 
bouts are usually caused by gastric distention from overeating, carbonated 
beverages, aerophagia (eg, swallowing with chewing gum or smoking), and 
gastric insufflation during endoscopy. Other causes include sudden changes 
in ambient or gastrointestinal temperature or excessive alcohol ingestion. 
Sudden excitement or other emotional stress can also precipitate hiccups. 
Irritation of the vagus and phrenic nerve are common causes of persistent 
or intractable hiccups and could be caused by pharyngitis, laryngitis, 
goiters, tumors, mediastinal masses, and abnormalities of the diaphragm 
that irritate the phrenic nerve. Laboratory tests to consider in patients 
with persistent or intractable hiccups include a complete blood count, 
electrolytes, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), creatinine, calcium, liver 
function tests, and amylase/lipase. Other tests your doctor could oreder 
are an upper endoscopy, MRI, bronchoscopy, esophageal manometry and 
pulmonary function tests. The specific illness causing the hiccups, if 
known, should guide the choice of treatment. 