I am not familiar with the shockwave therapy in plantar fasciitis, at least 
is not one of the accepted conventional treatment alternatives. But I can 
tell you that Plantar Fasciitis is produced by inflammation of the 
insertion on the heel of the plantar fascia (a fibrous layer that supports 
the plantar arch muscles and ligaments), causing remarkable heel pain that 
alters your normal daily activities. It is the most common cause of heel 
pain in US. It can be associate or not with a “heel spur”. Initially the 
pain tends to decrease with walking but gets worse throughout the day as 
activity increases. The pain worsens by walking barefoot on hard surfaces 
or walking up stairs. The causes of Plantar Fasciitis are: aging, heel fat 
pad thinning, too low-arched or too high arched foot, weakness of the calf 
muscles, leg-length discrepancy, walking or running with inappropriate shoe 
type on poor cushioned surfaces, a change in the walking or running 
routine. The suggested strategy to treat conservatively plantar fasciitis 
would be: physical therapy aimed to stretch the muscles of the calf and 
foot, using ice packs after the exercise routine to decrease inflammation 
and pain, relative rest (avoiding activities that reproduce the heel pain), 
use of anti-inflammatory drugs (example: “Advil”) and replacement of 
worn-out shoes by adequately cushioned shoes. For cases that do not respond 
to the conservative treatment, the corticosteroid injection on the site may 
be considered and if still there is no significant improvement, Surgery 
might be considered. 