According to your description it is possible that your symptoms correspond 
to the beginning of Guillain Barre Syndrome this is a disorder in which 
your body's immune system attacks your nerves. Weakness and tingling in 
your extremities are usually the first symptoms. Most people with 
Guillain-Barre syndrome experience their most significant weakness within 
four weeks after symptoms begin. In some cases, signs and symptoms may 
progress very rapidly, with complete paralysis of legs, arms and breathing 
muscles over the course of a few hours. Call your doctor if you have mild 
tingling in your toes or fingers that doesn't seem to be spreading or 
getting worse. Guillain-Barre syndrome is a serious disease that requires 
immediate hospitalization because of the rapid rate at which it worsens. 
The sooner appropriate treatment is started, the better the chance of a 
good outcome. Although some people can take months and even years to 
recover, most cases of Guillain-Barre syndrome follow this general 
timeline: Following the first symptoms, the condition tends to 
progressively worsen for about two weeks. Symptoms reach a plateau within 
four weeks. Recovery begins, usually lasting six to 12 months, though for 
some people it could take as long as three years. There's no cure for 
Guillain-Barre syndrome. But two types of treatments may speed recovery and 
reduce the severity of Guillain-Barre syndrome: plasmapheresis (or plasma 
exchange) and Intravenous Immunoglobulins. These treatments are equally 
effective. Mixing the treatments or administering one after the other is no 
more effective than using either method alone. 