According to your description , it is not an uncommon cause of knee pain 
in runners the Iliotibial band friction syndrome (ITBFS). It is considered 
an overuse syndrome that usually is treated successfully with conservative 
measures. Iliotibial band friction syndrome (ITBFS) typically is observed 
in people who exercise vigorously. The overuse creates stress that the body 
cannot repair, and soft tissue breakdown occurs. In runners, as yourself, 
friction occurs near or just after foot strike during the contact phase of 
the gait cycle. Downhill running reduces the knee flexion angle and can 
aggravate ITBFS, while sprinting and fast running increase the knee flexion 
angle and are less likely to cause the syndrome. Biomechanical and training 
factors play a large role in the development of ITBFS. The basic principles 
of treatment include control of inflammation, modification of activity, and 
correction of underlying problems. Medical therapy: Medical therapy 
consists of non steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (“motrin”, “aleve”) with 
adjunctive physical therapy. These drugs reduce the inflammation in the 
soft tissue. Injection of corticosteroid can be used when conservative 
attempts to control inflammation fail or swelling persists for more than 3 
days. Activity modification: Examine recent changes in your training, such 
as duration and intensity of exercise. I strongly recommend that you keep 
your physical activity to a level at which pain is not generated. Local ice 
massage can help you: Apply to the knee for no longer than 15 minutes. Ice 
compresses or cold packs can be used for up to 20 minutes each time. Give 
it a try with this measures for about 3-4 weeks and see how it goes, the 
most important is give you enough healing time so this does not become a 
repetitive stress injury. 