According to your description you may be experiencing a Calf Tendinitis. 
The calf muscle is made up of three muscles. The two heads of the 
gastrocnemius and the soleus, these three muscles end in a common tendon: 
the Achilles tendon. Usually the complaint is a sharp intense pain after a 
sudden or straining move. If you have a partial tear or complete rupture of 
the calf muscle then physical activity and weight-bearing will be 
impossible for 4-12 weeks depending on the injury. If you are suffering 
just from inflammation of the muscle then you can resume training after 
7-10 days. Ineffective warm up and warm down routines can lead to calf 
strains. Calf strains can be caused by dehydration. Deficiencies in 
calcium, trace minerals and magnesium can also lead calf strains. Therefore 
I would recommend you to ensure adequate water intake and multi minerals. 
One of the most common causes is a condition called over pronation. Over 
pronation basically means that your feet are rolling over too much as you 
run or exercise which causes excessive pressure on the calf muscle and 
Achilles tendon. Initial treatment should consist of ice packs. You can 
also use a wet towel that has been in the fridge or commercially available 
ice packs for focused pain relief. An anti-inflammatory medication such as 
Ibuprofen (“Motrin”, “Aleve”) will help you to reduce the swelling, this 
should be taken with meals and never before exercising .I recommend you 
complete rest for 5 days for a mild calf strain and then a gradual increase 
in training. Massaging the calf also helps to speed up recovery. View the 
calf Massager with four free rolling heads it’s particularly good at giving 
yourself a deep calf massage. 