According to your description, most likely seems as an elbow sprain. An 
elbow strain entails damage to the muscles or tendons (lateral epicondyle 
and medial epicondyle) that traverse the elbow joint. Elbow strains can be 
the result of overstretching or overuse, as in your case.Elbow sprains, 
like sprains elsewhere in the body, are graded according to the severity of 
ligament damage and the resulting amount of joint separation. Grade I 
sprains (mild or first-degree sprains) involve stretching of the ligament 
fibers without joint separation and no resulting joint instability. Grade 
II sprains (moderate or second-degree sprains) reflect stretching and 
tearing of some ligament fibers with minimal joint displacement and some 
joint instability. Grade III sprains (severe or third-degree sprains) 
involve full thickness tears (rupture) of ligament fibers that result in 
joint dislocation. Most elbow sprains are first- or second-degree sprains. 
These sprains usually are associated with pain and muscle spasm. Treatment 
for both sprains and strains is similar and usually is conservative, 
meaning, the pain and swelling may be relieved through the intermittent 
application of ice during the first 48 to 72 hours following injury. 
Temporary immobilization with an elastic bandage, splinting, bracing, or, 
if severe, a soft cast, are typically recommended. The joint may be 
elevated above the level of the heart using pillows when lying down. 
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs, “motrin”, “aleve”) are 
commonly used for relief of pain and inflammation. If pain is severe, a 
mild narcotic may be prescribed for a short period. In addition, muscle 
relaxant drugs may be prescribed. If after follow these conservative 
measures you do not experience progressive relief I suggest that you have 
an evaluation by an specialist in order to rule out possible complications. 