According to your description, Endometriosis should be rule out. When a 
woman has endometriosis, the tissue that lines her uterus, called the 
endometrium, grows outside of the uterus. When this tissue grows outside of 
the uterus, it is often found in the pelvic cavity, usually in one or more 
of these places: on or under the ovaries, behind the uterus, on the tissues 
that hold the uterus in place, or on the bowels or bladder. In very rare 
cases, endometriosis areas can grow in the lungs or other parts of the 
body. The endometriosis growths are affected by the monthly menstrual 
cycle. Each month, the lining of the uterus thickens to get ready for 
pregnancy. If a woman does not become pregnant, the lining of the uterus 
sheds and the woman bleeds. When a woman has endometriosis, the growths 
outside of the uterus also bleed during her period. But there is no way for 
the blood to leave her body, and inflammation and scar tissue can develop. 
Blockage or bleeding in the intestines and problems with bladder function 
may also occur. A common symptom of endometriosis is pain, mostly in the 
abdomen, lower back, and pelvic areas. The amount of pain a woman feels is 
not linked to how much endometriosis she has. Some women have no pain even 
though their disease affects large areas, or there is scarring. Some women, 
on the other hand, have severe pain even though they have only a few small 
areas of endometriosis. I suggest that you have an evaluation by your 
OB-Gyn doctor and from there choose the best treatment option in your case. 