In the view of your young age, with no history of spine problems , most 
likely you are experiencing a Mechanical low back pain (LBP) . Mechanical 
low back pain is the second most common reason for seeing a physician in 
the United States. Of the US population, 85% will experience an episode of 
mechanical LBP at some point during their lifetime. The LBP tends to 
resolve within some weeks if you follow these conservative measures: a 
physical therapy program aimed to control the pain and the inflammatory 
process and teach you flexion and extension exercises of the spine to 
reduce the nerve tension, these exercises will improve the muscular 
strength and endurance of your lumbar muscles. Also is very important to 
keep a good posture at all times and practice low-impact activities such as 
swimming, walking, and bicycling, these can increase overall fitness 
without straining your low back. While standing, keep your head up and 
stomach pulled in. If you are required to stand for long periods of time, 
you should have a small stool on which to rest one foot at a time. Do not 
wear high heels and keep your weight under control. The use of 
anti-inflammatory medication (i.e.: “motrin”, “advil”, “aleve”) can be 
beneficial to manage the pain if you are not lactating. Nearly everyone 
improves within a month following these conservative measures if it is a 
mechanical back pain. Otherwise, if the back pain persists for more than 2 
months, in despite of the above mentioned measures, the evaluation by a 
physician to rule out other possible causes than just mechanic or postural 
is recommended. 