In the view that you do not have any history of spine problems in the past, 
most likely you are having a mechanical lower back pain. Fortunately, the 
LBP resolves for the vast majority within 2-4 weeks. Sometimes it may 
complicate with a persistent muscle contracture and/or a sciatic nerve 
inflammation and the healing process takes a little longer. The suggested 
conservative treatment would be: a physical therapy program aimed to: 
control the pain and the inflammatory process, relative rest, flexion and 
extension exercises of the spine to reduce the nerve tension, exercises 
that improve the muscular strength and endurance of lumbar muscles. You can 
also try anti-inflammatory drugs (“Aleve”).Try avoiding all the activities 
that produce pain or discomfort, such as weight lifting, keep a good 
posture at all times and sleeping with a pillow between the knees while 
lying on one side may increase comfort. Some doctors recommend lying on 
your back with a pillow under your knees. Try a local cold pack to see if 
it helps to ease the pain. If you don't have a cold pack, use a large bag 
of frozen vegetables; it makes a good first aid cold pack. Or have someone 
close to you massage you in a triangular pattern with an ice cube over the 
sore areas, no more than 15-20 minutes at the time. After the cold 
massages, try alternating with heat from an electric heating pad to see if 
it helps the pain. If you don't have an electric heating pad, put a hand 
towel under hot water, wring it out, and place it on your back. Sometimes 
the moist heat penetrates more deeply and gives better relief of pain. You 
may feel better lying on your back on a firm surface with a pillow under 
your knees. 