In the view that you recently had pneumonia, I suggest a reevaluation 
including X-rays for follow-up. Possibly you did an extreme movement, 
coughing repeatedly for example, that produced a muscle sprain in your 
back. A muscle strain is associated with the tearing or excessive 
stretching of the muscle and can be painful. All symptoms of muscle injury 
and muscle pain can range from mild to severe. Any muscle strain or muscle 
pull or even a muscle tear implies damage to a muscle or its attaching 
tendons. The time of healing varies from patient to patient and also 
depends on the severity of the injury. The conservative treatment consists 
of: initially, rest, ice can help the affected muscle and also maintaining 
the strained muscle in a stretched position. Heat can be applied when the 
swelling has lessened, anti-inflammatory medication (i.e.: “Aleve”), rest 
the strained muscle and avoid the activities that caused the strain and 
other activities that are painful. It is very important that you allow time 
to heal. The other condition that may produce the pain that you described 
is a Intercostal neuritis, which is not a serious condition but very 
annoying indeed and slow healing. By a spasm or a direct trauma the 
intercostals muscles and nerves got injured, and that’s why you are feeling 
that stabbing pain every time you take a deep breath, lean over, sneeze or 
cough. The suggested strategy would be: please, try to be patient and do 
not expect an overnight improvement, take anti inflammatory medication and 
also Vitamin B12 supplement. Local moist heat helps to ease the pain. An 
again, try to avoid activities that worsen the pain. 