It is not recommended to be putting over stress in any joint, meaning 
“cracking your knuckles” or elbows because in the long run the ligaments 
and all the other elements that constitute the joints get affected and you 
may start to have several problems as: pain, limitation, and possibly 
swelling. Try to identify what kind of activity you are doing repeatedly, 
that might be putting over stress in your elbows and avoid it.Repetitive 
stress injuries (RSIs) are injuries that happen when too much stress is 
placed on a part of the body, resulting in inflammation (pain and 
swelling), muscle strain, or tissue damage. This stress generally occurs 
from repeating the same movements over and over again. There is a very well 
described entity in the medical literature called: Overuse Syndrome, which 
can affect any part of the body that is over stressed with movements or 
activities in a repetitive way, including occupational, recreational, 
and/or habitual activities. Repetition is part of the definition of overuse 
injury. Areas most affected by RSIs are the hands, elbows, shoulders, 
knees, and heels. Symptoms of RSIs include: tingling, numbness, or pain in 
the affected area, the elbows in your case, stiffness or soreness in the 
neck or back feelings of weakness or fatigue in the hands or arms popping 
or clicking sensation. Without treatment, RSIs can become more severe and 
prevent you from doing simple everyday tasks and participating in sports, 
music, and other favorite activities. The sooner an RSI is diagnosed, the 
sooner your body can heal, so be sure to see your doctor if you have 
symptoms. 