Acute knee pain after an injury and related symptoms may be caused by 
damage to one or more of the soft tissue structures that stabilize and 
cushion the knee joint (including the ligaments, muscles, tendons, and 
menisci). One of the most common causes of acute knee pain are sprains 
after injury, and these involve the stretching or tearing of non 
contractile structures, such as the ligaments or the joint capsule itself, 
also a strain refers to stretching or severing along the course of muscles 
or tendons. In your case possibly you are experiencing a prepatellar post 
traumatic bursitis; this bursa is a superficial structure with a thin 
synovial lining located between the skin and the patella. Normally, it does 
not communicate with the joint space and contains a minimal amount of 
fluid; however, if is injured by a direct trauma, the inflammation results 
in marked increase of fluid within its space, and of course pain and 
limitation of the flexo-extension movements. A uncomplicated knee injury 
with conservative treatment has a great chance to improve, anyways if you 
notice one or more of the following symptoms: inflammation, remarkable 
limitation on flexion-extension movements, locking of the knee, or 
instability, the next step would be an evaluation by an Orthopedic Surgeon 
and the corresponding imaging studies to rule out fractures and other more 
serious conditions caused by the previous trauma. But if this is not the 
case, the suggested strategy would be: protection (avoid activities or 
movements that reproduce the pain), rest, local ice packs for periods no 
more than 15 minutes each time the first 24 hours, and after, local hot 
compresses, and anti-inflammatory medication (i.e.: “Aleve”, “Advil”). The 
healing time is different for each patient but generally there is a 
progressive improvement during the next 4-6 weeks after the injury. 