It looks like you are having possibly a sciatica episode or a hip 
bursitis, please be patient and follow the doctor recommendations. On the 
other hand, I will give you some info about Lyme disease. You're more 
likely to get Lyme disease if you live or spend time in grassy and heavily 
wooded areas where ticks carrying the disease thrive. It's important to 
take common-sense precautions in areas where Lyme disease is prevalent. The 
signs and symptoms of Lyme disease are variable, usually involving more 
than one system. The skin, joints and nervous system are affected most 
often. If you have had the following: a small, red bump may appear at the 
site of the tick bite. Over the next few days, the redness expands, forming 
a rash in a bull's-eye pattern, with a red outer ring surrounding a clear 
area. The rash, called erythema migrans, is one of the hallmarks of Lyme 
disease; Fever, chills, fatigue, body aches and a headache) may accompany 
the rash; bouts of severe joint pain and swelling several weeks to months 
after you're infected. Your knees are especially likely to be affected, but 
the pain can shift from one joint to another; nflammation of the membranes 
surrounding your brain (meningitis), temporary paralysis of one side of 
your face (Bell's palsy), numbness or weakness in your limbs, and impaired 
muscle movement may occur weeks, months or even years after an untreated 
infection. If you know you've been bitten and experience signs and symptoms 
of Lyme disease particularly if you live in an area where Lyme disease is 
prevalent , then contact your doctor immediately. 