It is not uncommon the associated meniscus lesions when a ligament injury 
occurs, also you may be have some degree of degenerative bone changes 
(osteoarthritis) in your knee, according to your description. On the other 
hand, the knee pain is the most common presentation of patellofemoral 
syndrome, where the pain typically is located behind the kneecap and often 
shows during activities that require knee flexion and forceful contraction 
of the quadriceps (e.g, running, during squats, ascending/descending stairs 
or pendants). Pain may be worsen by sitting with the knee flexed for a long 
period of time, such as while watching a movie, hence leading to the terms 
"theatre sign" and "movie-goer's knee." Also “grinding” and “clicking” may 
be present. The causes are diverse: Overuse (repetitive use or activity), 
overloading, and misuse of the patellofemoral joint. The suggested strategy 
for conservative treatment should be as follows: wear a knee brace patella 
stabilizer, Physical therapy program (exercises and pain control with TENS, 
ultrasound, ice packs after exercises), anti-inflammatory drugs (i.e.: 
“Aleve”, “Advil”), educate you about which activities avoid because those 
can aggravate patellofemoral syndrome. Also, and very important, remark the 
need for extended adherence to the exercise regimen. Your physical 
therapist should educate you about a home exercise program. Please, allow 
time for these conservative measures (e.g: exercise program) to have an 
effect, usually 4-6 weeks is adequate for some resolution of symptoms. 