It is not likely that sciatic pain starts in the calf and radiates toward 
the upper part of the leg and gluteal area, is the opposite. It seems that 
you are experiencing a muscle strain in the calf muscles. Any muscle strain 
or muscle pull or even a muscle tear implies damage to a muscle or its 
attaching tendons. A common cause for this nowadays is the Repetitive 
stress injuries (RSIs), these are injuries that happen when too much stress 
is placed on a part of the body, resulting in inflammation (pain and 
swelling), muscle strain, or tissue damage. This stress generally occurs 
from repeating the same movements over and over again, with no enough 
healing time so they are also called “overuse syndrome”. The concept is 
that overuse injury is associated with repeated challenge without 
sufficient recovery time. The time of healing varies from patient to 
patient and also depends on the severity of the injury. The conservative 
treatment consists of: initially, protection, rest, ice, compression, and 
elevation (known as the PRICE formula) can help the affected muscle and 
also maintaining the strained muscle in a stretched position. Moist warm 
compresses can be applied, anti-inflammatory drugs (i.e.: “Aleve”), rest 
the strained muscle and avoid the activities that caused the strain and 
other activities that are painful. A Physical Therapy program for 4-6 weeks 
must be followed and practice at home the stretching exercises above all. 
The healing time and conditions for each patient are different. Avoid 
overuse and try to do an appropriate warming-up and stretching before 
significant physical activity. 