Morphine is a narcotic pain medication for the management of moderate to 
severe pain when a continuous, around-the-clock opioid painkiller is needed 
for an extended period of time. Morphine has the potential for dependence 
and abuse and can cause severe adverse effects including respiratory 
depression and even death if not taken according to your doctor's 
directions, especially if you have conditions that can cause you to become 
oxygen depleted. It is NOT intended for use on an as-needed basis. Use 
Morphine exactly the way your doctor tells you to, and it should only be 
used for the condition for which it was prescribed. Depending on your 
condition and medical history, your doctor may prescribe a different 
regimen and appropriate dosage. Do not change the dosage or stop taking 
your medication without your doctor's approval. Side effects cannot be 
anticipated. If any develop or change in intensity, tell your doctor as 
soon as possible. Only your doctor can determine if it is safe for you to 
continue taking this drug. Side effects may include: constipation, 
lightheadedness, dizziness, lethargy, nausea, vomiting, sweating, euphoria, 
negative mood changes. Your doctor provider may also recommend a "rescue" 
medication (a short-acting painkiller) to use in addition to Morphine for 
times when your pain is especially severe (known as "breakthrough pain," 
because it breaks through your baseline, long-acting painkiller). You 
should discuss with your doctor about the possible interactions with the 
multiple medications that you are already taken and adjust the dosage or 
review if it is convenient for you to keep taking some of them along with 
the morphine. 