Many different stresses may cause neck pain. Some causes are: whiplash from 
a car accident, poor posture causing misalignment of the head, neck and 
shoulders; wear and tear over the years causing arthritis; and age. Such 
activities can aggravate neck pain: sleeping on 2 or more pillows where 
your head is at an angle; reading in bed; poor posture while gaming (i.e. 
X-Box, Playstation); and prolonged stress while working at the computer. 
Whatever your reason for neck pain, a physical therapist can help you 
recover quickly, teach you good habits, teach you exercises to strengthen 
your neck muscles to prevent reoccurrences to reduce ongoing pain or 
stiffness. What can you do for neck pain? First, seek your doctor for a 
thorough evaluation and obtain a diagnosis. Second, stay active. Try to 
keep up with your normal activities, bed rest is not necessary. If you are 
given a neck collar try not to wear it longer than 1-2 days. After this 
period should you use it only if your head feels heavy and your neck feels 
like it can’t hold up your head; even then it should only be for short 
durations (i.e 30-45min). When your neck hurts, the goal is to keep your 
spine in a neutral position. Avoid bending your head forward or off to the 
side. Rest is necessary for short periods. However, remember you want to 
try to keep active. It is just as important to allow your neck to rest. If 
your neck gets tired, the muscles will stiffen as a result. Avoid resting 
with too many pillows. Try to fill in the gap of the back of the neck and 
the bed with a pillow preferably with a memory foam one or if that is not 
tolerated, a down pillow can be formed under the neck and head. 