Mechanical low back pain (LBP) is the second most common reason for seeing 
a physician in the United States. Of the US population, 85% will experience 
an episode of mechanical LBP at some point during their lifetime. 
Fortunately, the LBP resolves for the vast majority within 2-4 weeks. Here 
some useful measures: keep a good posture at all times and practice 
low-impact activities such as swimming, walking, and bicycling can increase 
overall fitness without straining the low back. Standing: While standing, 
keep your head up and stomach pulled in. If you are required to stand for 
long periods of time, you should have a small stool on which to rest one 
foot at a time. Do not wear high heels. It is important to identify the 
straining physical activities that trigger the pain and avoid them. 
Additionally it would be useful a physical therapy program and keep your 
weight under control, because the overweight suppose additional stress to 
the lumbar spine, relative rest, flexion and extension exercises of the 
spine to reduce the nerve tension, exercises that improve the muscular 
strength and endurance of lumbar muscles. You can keep taking 
anti-inflammatory medication (“Motrin”, “Aleve”) and follow these general 
recommendations: sleeping with a pillow between the knees while lying on 
one side may increase comfort, lying on the back with a pillow under the 
knees. If the pain persists for more than 2 months, it is strongly 
recommended that you have an evaluation by a physician to rule out more 
serious conditions as a disc hernia. 