MS Contin is a narcotic pain medication that releases its active 
ingredient (morphine) slowly for the management of moderate to severe pain 
when a continuous, around-the-clock opioid painkiller is needed for an 
extended period of time. MS Contin has the potential for dependence and 
abuse and can cause severe adverse effects including respiratory depression 
and even death if not taken according to your doctor's directions, 
especially if you have conditions that can cause you to become oxygen 
depleted. It is NOT intended for use on an as-needed basis. Use MS Contin 
exactly the way your doctor tells you to, and it should only be used for 
the condition for which it was prescribed.Depending on your condition and 
medical history, your doctor may prescribe a different regimen and 
appropriate dosage. Do not change the dosage or stop taking your medication 
without your doctor's approval. Side effects cannot be anticipated. If any 
develop or change in intensity, tell your doctor as soon as possible. Only 
your doctor can determine if it is safe for you to continue taking this 
drug.Side effects may include: constipation, lightheadedness, dizziness, 
lethargy, nausea, vomiting, sweating, euphoria, negative mood changes. Your 
healthcare provider may also recommend a "rescue" medication (a 
short-acting painkiller) to use in addition to MS Contin for times when 
your pain is especially severe (known as "breakthrough pain," because it 
breaks through your baseline, long-acting painkiller). 