Most likely you are experiencing a muscle sprain which involves the 
tearing or stretching of the muscles and/or ligaments beyond their normal 
capacity, specifically the Hamstring muscles located in their lower 
insertion close to the back of the knee. Symptoms of muscle injury 
obviously involve pain, however it is not uncommon for the affected area to 
swell, redden and become bruised or discolored. All symptoms of muscle 
injury can range from mild to severe. Any muscle strain or muscle pull or 
even a muscle tear implies damage to a muscle or its attaching tendons. A 
common cause for this nowadays is the Repetitive stress injuries (RSIs), 
these are injuries that happen when too much stress is placed on a part of 
the body, resulting in inflammation (pain and swelling), muscle strain, or 
tissue damage. This stress generally occurs from repeating the same 
movements over and over again, with no enough healing time so they are also 
called “overuse syndrome”. The concept is that overuse injury is associated 
with repeated challenge without sufficient recovery time. The time of 
healing varies from patient to patient and also depends on the severity of 
the injury.The conservative treatment consists of: initially, protection, 
rest, ice, compression, and elevation (known as the PRICE formula) can help 
the affected muscle and also maintaining the strained muscle in a stretched 
position. Heat can be applied when the swelling has lessened, 
anti-inflammatory drugs (i.e.: “Aleve”), rest the strained muscle and avoid 
the activities that caused the strain and other activities that are 
painful. A Physical Therapy program for 4-6 weeks must be followed and 
practice at home the stretching exercises above all. The healing time and 
conditions for each patient are different. Avoid overuse and try to do an 
appropriate warming-up and stretching before significant physical activity. 